Welcome to the final chapter of your case study.
Great work so far!
We uncovered many important insights during our data exploration in the last chapter.
We have done a lot of work to get deeper insights into our
manufacturer's top competitors and analyze the trends in our data.
It is time to streamline and combine these insights and visuals into a story for a great end-user experience.
In this chapter, we will work on improving our UI and design and finalize our report.
While doing all the DAX calculations and data exploration in the
last chapter, we could answer many questions and discover new insights.
One insight we found is that our manufacturer has a total market share of
38.22 percent in the USA and is a leader compared to the other manufacturers.
2021's quarter one has seen the highest percentage growth of 18.8% compared to last year.
Also, one crucial finding and discovery is that our primary competitor is Artisans,
generating over 50% of the market share compared to the other four manufacturers in Germany.
But one good point is that Sintec has 21.15% of the total market share
globally and has seen good growth in its revenue compared to the other manufacturers.
All these insights would help the executives a lot in the strategic
decision-making process and would certainly help take action from this data.
In this last chapter, we will be using some of the AI-powered
visuals and capabilities which are available for the users off the shelf.
Firstly we'll add a Decomposition tree visual which enables the users to
drill down into their data to conduct root cause analysis and gain more insights.
Then we'll add a Key Influencers Visual, which helps you identify which factors influence certain metrics.
Finally, we'll add a Smart narrative visual, which helps you quickly summarize visuals and reports.
The end users can use summaries to understand the data, get to key points faster, and explain the data to others.
Let's pick up where we left off.
Happy storytelling.
.